Deliverable2.md, before:

# Deliverable Information
   > Please include your answers below in a good format so it is easy for me to see. For answers to questions please use these Blockquotes. Make sure you also check the kickoff document for more details. Also make sure this thing is well formatted and the links are links in here. 

## 1: Basic Information (needed before you start with your Sprint -- Sprint Planning)

**Topic you chose:** Teacher Course Planning Tool


**Sprint Number:** 2

**Scrum Master**: Alexander Rossiter

**Git Master**: Ian Swanlund

### Sprint Planning (For Sprint 1-3)
Document your Sprint Planning here. Also check the kickoff document for more details on what needs to be done. This is just the documentation. 
We have a 2 hours meeting on 11/03/2020
Attendees: Maayan Janow, Tristan Johnson, Alexander Roisster
We discussed the last sprint, answered the sprint review questions and discussed our conclusions from the last sprint and what can be done better.
We decided that we should change our workflow policy to commit push and merge more often and that we should come up with User Stories and tasks together as group instead of dividing it 
Another 2 hours meeting on 11/04/2020
Attendees: Maayan Janow, Tristan Johnson, Alexander Roisster, Ian Swanslund
 

**Sprint Goal:** Our sprint goal is to achive most software functionalities and allow a user to fully manage courses, assignments, lectures and todo lists

**How many User Stories did you add to the Product Backlog:**  0

**How many User Stories did you add to this Sprint:** 7
> Answer the questions below about your Sprint Planning?

**Why did you add these US, why do you think you can get them done in the next Sprint?**

> We added those stories becuase all of them are related directly to the functionality for the user. We think we can get it done becuase a lot of the memeoranda functionalities
are going to be reused

**Why do you think these fit well with your Sprint goal? (details)**

> Becuase they are all directly related to creating user functionality

**Do you have a rough idea what you need to do? (if the answer is no then please let me know on Slack)**

> Yes



## 2: During the Sprint
> Fill out the Meeting minutes during your Sprint and keep track of things. Update your Quality policies when needed, as explained in the lectures and in the Quality Policy documents on Canvas. 
I would also advise you to already fill out the Contributions section (End of sprint) as you go, to create less work at the end.

### Meeting minutes of your Daily Scrums (3 per week, should not take longer than 10 minutes):
> Add as many rows as needed and fill out the table. (Burndown starts with Sprint 2 and Travis CI starts with Sprint 3, not needed before that). 

| Date  | Attendees  |Meeting notes (very brief)   | Burndown Info (on track, ahead behind is enough) | TravisCI info (does the master pass) | Additional Info  |
|---|---|---|---|--|--|
|   |   |   |   |  |  |
|   |   |   |   |  |  |
|   |   |   |   |  |  |

### Meeting Summary:

> Add rows as needed and add the number how many meetings for each team member:

   Name1 : Num Meetings

   Name2 : Num Meetings


## 3: After the Sprint

### Sprint Review
Answer as a team!

**Screen Cast link**: Your link

> Answer the following questions as a team. 

**What do you think is the value you created this Sprint?**

> Your Answer

**Do you think you worked enough and that you did what was expected of you?**

> Your Answer

**Would you say you met the customers’ expectations? Why, why not?**

> Your Answer


### Sprint Retrospective

> Include your Sprint retrospective here and answer the following questions in an evidence based manner as a team (I do not want each of your individuals opinion here but the team perspective). By evidence-based manner it means I want a Yes or No on each of these questions, and for you to provide evidence for your answer. That is, don’t just say "Yes we did work at a consistent rate because we tried hard"; say "we worked at a consistent rate because here are the following tasks we completed per team member and the rate of commits in our Git logs."

**Did you meet your sprint goal?**

> Your Answer

**Did you complete all stories on your Spring Backlog?**

> Your Answer

**If not, what went wrong?**

> Your Answer

**Did you work at a consistent rate of speed, or velocity? (Meaning did you work during the whole Sprint or did you start working when the deadline approached.)**

> Your Answer

**Did you deliver business value?**

> Your Answer

**Are there things the team thinks it can do better in the next Sprint?**

> Your Answer

**How do you feel at this point? Get a pulse on the optimism of the team.**

> Your Answer

### Contributions:

> In this section I want you to point me to your main contributions (each of you individually). Some of the topcs are not needed for the first deliverables (you should know which things you should have done in this Sprint, if you don't then you have probably missed something):

#### Team member A -- replace this with your name:
  **Links to GitHub commits with main code contribution (up to 5 links) - all Sprints:

    - link1
    - link2

   **GitHub links to your Unit Tests (up to 3 links) -- Sprint 2 and 3:

    - link1
    - link2

  **GitHub links to your Code Reviews (up to 3 links) -- Sprint 2 and 3:

    - link1
    - link2

  **How did you contribute to Static Analysis -- Sprint 3:

    - link1
    - link2
 
 **What was your main contribution to the Quality Policy documentation?:

    - info
  
## 4: Checklist for you to see if you are done
- [ ] Filled out the complete form from above, all fields are filled and written in full sentences
- [ ] Read the kickoff again to make sure you have all the details
- [ ] User Stories that were not completed, were left in the Sprint and a copy created
- [ ] Your Quality Policies are accurate and up to date
- [ ] **Individual** Survey was submitted **individually** (create checkboxes below -- see Canvas to get link)
  - [ ] Team member 1
  - [ ] Team member 2
- [ ] The original of this file was copied for the next Sprint (needed for all but last Sprint where you do not need to copy it anymore)
  - [ ] Basic information (part 1) for next Sprint was included (meaning Spring Planning is complete)
  - [ ] All User Stories have acceptance tests
  - [ ] User Stories in your new Sprint Backlog have initial tasks which are in New
  - [ ] You know how to proceed

Commit message:

Add sprint 2 review, sprint 3 planning, and new quality policies

Deliverable2.md, after:

# Deliverable Information
   > Please include your answers below in a good format so it is easy for me to see. For answers to questions please use these Blockquotes. Make sure you also check the kickoff document for more details. Also make sure this thing is well formatted and the links are links in here. 

## 1: Basic Information (needed before you start with your Sprint -- Sprint Planning)

**Topic you chose:** Teacher Course Planning Tool


**Sprint Number:** 2

**Scrum Master**: Alexander Rossiter

**Git Master**: Ian Swanlund

### Sprint Planning (For Sprint 1-3)
Document your Sprint Planning here. Also check the kickoff document for more details on what needs to be done. This is just the documentation. 
We have a 2 hours meeting on 11/03/2020
Attendees: Maayan Janow, Tristan Johnson, Alexander Roisster
We discussed the last sprint, answered the sprint review questions and discussed our conclusions from the last sprint and what can be done better.
We decided that we should change our workflow policy to commit push and merge more often and that we should come up with User Stories and tasks together as group instead of dividing it 
Another 2 hours meeting on 11/04/2020
Attendees: Maayan Janow, Tristan Johnson, Alexander Roisster, Ian Swanslund
 

**Sprint Goal:** Our sprint goal is to achive most software functionalities and allow a user to fully manage courses, assignments, lectures and todo lists

**How many User Stories did you add to the Product Backlog:**  0

**How many User Stories did you add to this Sprint:** 7
> Answer the questions below about your Sprint Planning?

**Why did you add these US, why do you think you can get them done in the next Sprint?**

> We added those stories becuase all of them are related directly to the functionality for the user. We think we can get it done becuase a lot of the memeoranda functionalities
are going to be reused

**Why do you think these fit well with your Sprint goal? (details)**

> Becuase they are all directly related to creating user functionality

**Do you have a rough idea what you need to do? (if the answer is no then please let me know on Slack)**

> Yes



## 2: During the Sprint
> Fill out the Meeting minutes during your Sprint and keep track of things. Update your Quality policies when needed, as explained in the lectures and in the Quality Policy documents on Canvas. 
I would also advise you to already fill out the Contributions section (End of sprint) as you go, to create less work at the end.

### Meeting minutes of your Daily Scrums (3 per week, should not take longer than 10 minutes):
> Add as many rows as needed and fill out the table. (Burndown starts with Sprint 2 and Travis CI starts with Sprint 3, not needed before that). 

| Date  | Attendees  |Meeting notes (very brief)   | Burndown Info (on track, ahead behind is enough) | TravisCI info (does the master pass) | Additional Info  |
|---|---|---|---|--|--|
|   |   |   |   |  |  |
|   |   |   |   |  |  |
|   |   |   |   |  |  |

### Meeting Summary:

> Add rows as needed and add the number how many meetings for each team member:

   Name1 : Num Meetings

   Name2 : Num Meetings


## 3: After the Sprint

### Sprint Review
Answer as a team!

**Screen Cast link**: Your link

> Answer the following questions as a team. 

**What do you think is the value you created this Sprint?**

> We created the functionality for most of the important features of the course management tool. Users can now effectively add/remove/edit lectures, assignments, instructor todo items, and student todo items. We also updated the information displayed for a course in the agenda panel. 

**Do you think you worked enough and that you did what was expected of you?**

> Yes. We all spent quite a lot of time delving into the details of the program, and understanding how tasks/events fundamentally work. We were able to repurpose those program elements to serve as the basis for the features of the course management tool. 

**Would you say you met the customers’ expectations? Why, why not?**

> Yes. There are a few more new elements that we need to create the functionality for (sprints, TA/grader todo items), but we feel that at this point, most of the core functionality of the course management tool works as intended. 


### Sprint Retrospective

> Include your Sprint retrospective here and answer the following questions in an evidence based manner as a team (I do not want each of your individuals opinion here but the team perspective). By evidence-based manner it means I want a Yes or No on each of these questions, and for you to provide evidence for your answer. That is, don’t just say "Yes we did work at a consistent rate because we tried hard"; say "we worked at a consistent rate because here are the following tasks we completed per team member and the rate of commits in our Git logs."

**Did you meet your sprint goal?**

> Yes. We did meet the sprint goal. We added the functionality for adding/removing/editing lectures, assignments, instructor todo items, and student todo items. We also updated the information displayed for a course in the agenda panel. We also updated the splash screen and the name of the program. The customer should now be able to use the program for most of the required tasks. 

**Did you complete all stories on your Spring Backlog?**

> Yes. We did complete all of the stories in our sprint backlog. 

**If not, what went wrong?**

> N/A

**Did you work at a consistent rate of speed, or velocity? (Meaning did you work during the whole Sprint or did you start working when the deadline approached.)**

> No. All of the team members got off to a slow start in terms of completing tasks and pushing changes to user stories. The burndown chart for Sprint #2 on taiga tells the story, with most of the work on tasks not being done for the first ~3 days. We did become more consistent later on in the sprint, with the burndown rate being mostly consistent after November 9th. We believe that this partially has to do with all of us still taking some time to understand how elements of memoranda fundamentally work (tasks, events, etc.). Furthermore, we still ended up merging user story branches into the development branch too late in the sprint. 

**Did you deliver business value?**

> Yes. The customer can now envision the purpose of the product with a quick mock-up prototype. If they have concerns about the look and feel of the product, they can now provide feedback and we can adjust accordingly. The user can now add courses and view details about them. 

**Are there things the team thinks it can do better in the next Sprint?**

> Yes. We can communicate better. All of our stand-up meetings were conducted via text because we struggled to find times where everyone could schedule video meetings during the week. It also took us too much time to push changes to user stories on github. We really need to make our work visible to each other, because we are working on similar things. We also need to wrap things up more quickly at the end of the next sprint. Finally, we need to do a better job of standardizing our work with unit tests and code reviews. 

**How do you feel at this point? Get a pulse on the optimism of the team.**

> We feel a bit exhausted. Most of us are spending more than 10 hours a week on this project. We do believe that we will able to finish the project, but we are apprehensive about completing all of the quality assurance policy items.  

### Contributions:

> In this section I want you to point me to your main contributions (each of you individually). Some of the topcs are not needed for the first deliverables (you should know which things you should have done in this Sprint, if you don't then you have probably missed something):

#### Team member A -- Tristan Johnson:
  **Links to GitHub commits with main code contribution (up to 5 links) - all Sprints:

    - https://github.com/amehlhase316/Leipzig-2/commit/b5aa9622eb48e83bd6545227a8ae7d1ae2728a6a
    - https://github.com/amehlhase316/Leipzig-2/commit/bad5899ad65a3aee42e10fcc541d310b02105a66
    - https://github.com/amehlhase316/Leipzig-2/commit/fecf536a39adda237283e23c58049ac0c6986abb
    - https://github.com/amehlhase316/Leipzig-2/commit/2f84364254cd89d1071ed2baa8ec2148d576949c
    - https://github.com/amehlhase316/Leipzig-2/commit/da7443a7125c254a9211fa093d700c1fbd790296

   **GitHub links to your Unit Tests (up to 3 links) -- Sprint 2 and 3:

    - https://github.com/amehlhase316/Leipzig-2/commit/2a3d56e46776b019dc918a0a57fd253faba964b2    
    - https://github.com/amehlhase316/Leipzig-2/commit/2a3d56e46776b019dc918a0a57fd253faba964b2


  **GitHub links to your Code Reviews (up to 3 links) -- Sprint 2 and 3:

    - https://github.com/amehlhase316/Leipzig-2/commit/5f4cf637523b3ba2d53f97ac1611c8be1712a9c1	
    - https://github.com/amehlhase316/Leipzig-2/pull/18
    - https://github.com/amehlhase316/Leipzig-2/pull/20
 
 **What was your main contribution to the Quality Policy documentation?:

    - I created the first rought draft for the blackbox testing, whitebox testing, and code-review guidelines. 
  
## 4: Checklist for you to see if you are done
- [x] Filled out the complete form from above, all fields are filled and written in full sentences
- [x] Read the kickoff again to make sure you have all the details
- [ ] User Stories that were not completed, were left in the Sprint and a copy created
- [x] Your Quality Policies are accurate and up to date
- [ ] **Individual** Survey was submitted **individually** (create checkboxes below -- see Canvas to get link)
  - [ ] Team member 1
  - [ ] Team member 2
- [x] The original of this file was copied for the next Sprint (needed for all but last Sprint where you do not need to copy it anymore)
  - [ ] Basic information (part 1) for next Sprint was included (meaning Spring Planning is complete)
  - [x] All User Stories have acceptance tests
  - [ ] User Stories in your new Sprint Backlog have initial tasks which are in New
  - [ ] You know how to proceed
